All right, this is the very last question,
but it's JavaScript, what gets logged?
Is it A B B, B A A,
A undefined B, or B undefined B.
All right, the right answer here is B.
It's B A A.
So first, let's just quickly
talk about the this keyword.
Well, not fully, but for what matters now.
So the this keyword
with regular functions,
it kind of depends on where the function
lives or where it's called.
When we just have a function
on the global scope,
that this keyword will
refer to the global scope.
But if we have it as a method of
an object, as a regular function,
that this keyword will refer to the object
on which the function is called.
So when we have this code block you
will see that foo on objA is a regular
function, is just a regular method,
non-arrow function.
So the this keyword here, that should
have been objA, [LAUGH] in the first one.
Okay, let's not make it more confusing.
You know what objA, like that.
Because this is a regular function,
and this is a method on that object.
Then we have foo on objB,
which is also a method
because it has a reference
to a method on objA.
But we'll talk more about that later.
And then we have bar,
which is an arrow function.
So this doesn't automatically bind
that this keyword to the objB object.
Instead, it doesn't own this keyword.
So it essentially uses this keyword
of its surrounding environments.
And in this case, that is objB.
This keyword an objB is the global scope.
If that makes sense.
So for bar within this keyword or within
bar that this keyword would have been
the global scope or would have
referred to the global scope and in baz,
which is just a normal method,
it refers to objB.
Now when it comes to our answer,
let's see if I, okay, sorry,
my presumed kind of goes weird here.
I'll just go back.
So, first we're calling objB.foo.
And the foo property and objB is only
a reference to kind of the function
objects on objA, but it's not actually
invoking object A's foo method.
It's invoking the foo method on objB,
cuz we're not actually invoking
it with two parentheses.
So in that case it's still
just a regular function.
It has the same reference
as that foo on objA, but
it's not foo in objA,
cuz it's invoked in a different way.
So within that one, this refers to objB.
And then we have bar, which is an arrow
function, but it doesn't matter.
All that matters here is that
we're invoking the method on objA.
We are directly invoking foo
with a parenthesis and objA.
And since this is a method
on the object objA,
this keyword in that foo refers to objA,
so this type returns A.
And then we have baz,
which is a regular method.
So if we were to log the this
keyword within that baz method,
it would refer to objB.
But that's not what we're doing,
we're invoking the foo method on objA.
So that's why, again, this also logs A.
So yeah, the big difference here is that
just referencing or creating a method
we're doing here with foo to objectA.foo
doesn't invoke the method on objectA.
It's just kind of referencing
the same function object, but
not its invocation, if that makes sense.
So the invocation of the function
object still happens on objB, and
that's where functions
get this keyword from.
Whenever it creates the execution
context for that function,
it checks what the this keyword should be.
So yeah,
that's just something to keep in mind.
Regular functions there that this keyword
always depends on, where you call it,
how you call it, you can add,
apply, call, all that stuff.
Arrow functions do not have their
own this keyword they always inherit
it from their outer environment,
from their outer scope.
Yeah [LAUGH] anyway, that was question 30.
Thanks so much.
>> [APPLAUSE]